I caught the big rat.
You dare to save lives.
This is so damning that you doubt it.
To me at that time.
Isn't that right? Let me tell you.
This old man is also blind.
say what?
Give the doubt.
I've learned a lot, and I'm a pro.
Siyan's eyesight is clear.
Death is not about you looking at it.
He is blind.
But the residual taste hurts.
Yes, don’t worry, I’ve washed my wounds. Blind suspicion.
Just looking at him is not the case, where are we at home? No.
Nothing happened to him
Of course he deserves it
The welcome is so high
How could you fall in love with him and remember him so much?
Just to consume them without any thought
So I depend on it
Yes yes yes yes yes yes
we are
Let's solve the problem in the field
Mostly talking
I don’t want to talk about Uncle Da Luo
You are Uncle Luo
you don't speak